when the ops tempo increases. First, foremost get the word out to your
team. To division should stop. Would where we wanted to get the word
out because no one wants You need a pair of people, so they could
be ready to ramp up to it. And there are going to be okay. We're going
to be doing unwrapped tomorrow morning, followed by a refueling.
Okay, there we go. All right, The plane. Our house. Okay, that's high
up step over that day. I sure hope it's a Saturday, so I could take
off on some day. You have a light duty day on Sunday, but you can't
tell on some days at sea being a day off. Hopefully, there are some
times, hopefully something you cooked up, you could wind up spending
Sunday afternoon in the Bering Sea. And they always over on the bridge,
which based not taking off on Sunday. You try to make sure that
the ship, um it's red and obstinate. Bo doesn't change this ship.
Appreciator machinery. Yeah, off. Simple high up. Simple puts that
effect on you as a divisional. Sir, you have to make sure that that
machinery doesn't quit. Betty come off line. Do you do for maintenance
and bring it back up on four? All right, and then just run off step.
Oh, effects hops person, and you're gonna go through periods of
it. But first of all, the way to be ready for is to get down and then
excuse me with a smile. No one likes it. That's a huge commission.